# UCP Governing Council (GC) Meeting 2026-06-17

**Led by:** Amit Handa

## Attendance

- **Present:** Ilya Grigorik, Twum Djin, Amit Handa, Demian Raspall

## 1. General Topics

- **Topic:** Means for UCP Announcements
  - **Notes:** Currently through Github Issues. GC discussed options to increase visibility to UCP announcements. Agreed to evaluate opening an Announcement section within UCP.dev.

- **Topic:** Domain Technical Council Nomination Form
  - **Notes:** Reviewed DTC Nomination form and incorporated feedback to the final version.

## 2. Open Discussions & Decisions

- **Topic:** Domain Technical Councils format
  - **Discussion:** GC discussed the importance and advantages of sharing uniform shapes and rhythms among all DTCs in UCP.
  - **Agreement:** Agreed on keeping uniform seat structure, seat rotation and election timeline across DTCs. Advocated for not filling all seats at DTC formation to enable organic growth of DTC.

- **Topic:** Domain Technical members Selection Criteria and Principles
  - **Discussion:** GC discussed the attributes that should guide the selection criteria for DTC members.
  - **Agreement:** Agreed on the following general guidelines: Share of voice should be based on (1) Contribution, leadership and advocacy; (2) Commitment to developing and adopting UCP; (3) Evidence of prior contributions to open source or industry-wide initiatives; (4) Bringing diverse perspectives and expertise to help UCP grow; (5) Encouraging diversity among members (eg. Countries, Domain expertise, supply and demand representation, etc).

- **Topic:** International growth of UCP
  - **Discussion:** Country growth strategy, Maximizing UCP adoption.
  - **Agreement:** Where possible start with members that have a large international footprint then, by analyzing supply and demand, expand into specific markets through focused efforts such as DTC rotation and regional Domain Working Groups.
