# UCP Governing Council (GC) Meeting 2026-07-10

**Led by:** Amit Handa

## Attendance

- **Present:** Ilya Grigorik, Amit Handa, Twum Djin, Demian Raspall

## 1. General Topics

- **Topic:** Lodging Tech Council
 - **Notes:** Nominations are ongoing and closing next week.

- **Topic:** 2026 UCP Dev Conference
 - **Discussion:** Exploratory discussion on hosting an event this year. Consensus for a small, v1, one-day event this year, focused on contributors and bug bashing rather than a large production.

## 2. Open Discussions & Decisions

- **Topic:** Food Tech Council (TC) Nominations
 - **Notes:** Nominations are finalized. Foundational members include Block, Toast, Uber, Doordash and Google. 
 - **Agreement:** Agreed to not fill all 16 seats immediately to allow for future strategic growth and ensure geographic diversity. Seat assignment: 1 seat each for Square, Doordash, Toast, Uber Eats; 6 for Google; 6 will remain open.

- **Topic:** GC members as observers on DTCs
 - **Discussion:** Main goal is to ensure consistency on design principles during early phase & contribution towards initial version of capabilities. Captures conflicts early should make the process more efficient by avoiding GC vetos after the work is complete.
 - **Agreement:** GC members will implicitly act as observers and can join any TC meeting as needed to ensure coherence. 

- **Topic:** Services Domain Working Group (DWG)
 - **Discussion:** Discussed challenge regarding the Services Working Group. While there is interest, the group lacks a necessary agent platform component to support service providers. Agreed that a successful charter requires participation from both sides of the market, service providers and platforms to avoid a one-sided proposal.
 - **Agreement:** Proceeding with exploratory conversations to assess partner interest and momentum.
